feat(changelog): private-networks-added-regional-private-networks-is 2023-03-30 (#1496)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/march2023/2023-03-30-private-networks-added-regional-private-networks-is.mdx

---
title: Regional Private Networks is available in Public Beta
status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #regional-vpc-beta channel on Slack.'

>     url: 'https://scaleway-community.slack.com/'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com/'
```

date: 2023-03-30
category: network
product: private-networks
---

Regional Private Networks allow you to connect resources across multiple AZs within the same region and are currently only available in the PAR region. 

> Create a dedicated, private, and flexible Layer 2 network to which you can attach Scaleway resources such as Instances, Load Balancers, Public Gateways, Elastic Metal, and Databases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a dedicated, private, and flexible Layer 2 networks to which you can attach Scaleway resources such as Instances, Load Balancers, Public Gateways, Elastic Metal, and Managed Databases.
```
